[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Hey
everybody, Jay Weidner here.
We are back today
with Jason Rice,
who purports to be in
the Secret Space Program.
Hey, Jason.
>>JASON RICE: Thank you, Jay.
Appreciate you having me here.
>>JAY: Yeah, it's been great.
So let's get back to--
you were just finishing up
your duty on Planet Two.
Again, it was the same
kind of false flag scenario
of the Cabal, using
conflict and post-conflict
to have things go their way.
And you served almost six
years in this dire situation.
Eventually your side
overcame the enemy
through the use of
high tech weapons,
and now you're done
with that planet.
What happens next?
>>RICE: What happens
next is the aftermath,
there are units that
remain on the planet
to help with clean up,
reseeding, restarting
their civilization in the
ways that those in charge,
the Cabal, want to have it done,
that best suits their needs.
And when we say
the Cabal, we also
mean they are puppets as
well of the Draco and the AI.
So setting the planet
up takes more time.
And our work there,
being done, they
redeploy us to another planet--
>>JAY: Oh, no.
>>RICE: --to repeat the
process, Planet Three.
>>JAY: Did it have
any other name?
>>RICE: Not that I recall, yeah.
>>JAY: And so what was the
situation on this planet?
>>RICE: This planet was
unique from the other two.
And Planet Three just
so happens to have
had three distinct races on
the surface of that planet.
>>JAY: Indigenous?
>>RICE: Indigenous
from the standpoint
of, as far as we knew,
they had originated there.
The chances are, of
three separate species
as widely different as
they are having originated
on the same planet, I have
suspicions that they did not,
and that there was at least
one or two of them that
originated elsewhere
and were either
seeded or brought or
transferred there.
>>JAY: Can you describe
these three races?
>>RICE: Sure.
The first race would
be human-like, very
similar to any human you'd see
out and about on Earth today.
The second race was an
insectoid-like race.
They were about 3
and 1/2, 4 feet tall.
They have an oval-shaped head.
They have silvery,
round-shaped eyes.
They have very small
mouths, very small noses,
almost no to zero ears.
They're telepathic, and they
communicate telepathically.
Their teeth are very
sharp pointed teeth.
They have reverse jointed legs.
>>JAY: They stand
up on two legs?
>>RICE: They stand
up on two legs.
At some point in their
past, they crawled as well
because we saw evidence of
them crawling or walking
on walls and ceilings.
>>JAY: Really?
>>RICE: They had
that ability still.
>>JAY: Because
they're an insect,
they look more like than
another insect on Earth?
>>RICE: No, nothing
like them at all
in our cornucopia of insects.
>>JAY: Not praying mantis or--
>>RICE: No.
>>JAY: --ants?
>>RICE: They were round faced.
They had shoulders, arms.
Their arms were longer
than the typical.
>>JAY: What was their skin like?
>>RICE: It was like a green,
light green, yellowish green,
semi-transparent.
>>JAY: Really?
>>RICE: In that you could
see into it a little,
but it wasn't like
looking through glass
through their lens.
>>JAY: Translucent kind of.
>>RICE: Yeah, kind
of translucent.
Then the third race
being a race of cyclops.
>>JAY: Cyclops?
One-eyed humanoids?
>>RICE: One-eyed humanoids.
>>JAY: So do they have any
peculiar characteristics
besides having one eye?
>>RICE: That was it.
>>JAY: These three
races did not get along?
>>RICE: No, they
did not, which meant
our job of trying to
unite them and get them
as a combined front was
that much more difficult.
>>JAY: So one more time,
there's an invader coming.
You've been sent in,
you and your guys.
And you made friends
with the indigs,
only the indigs are now
three different populations.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: Who were
the most difficult?
>>RICE: The insectoids.
>>JAY: Insectoids, why?
>>RICE: They didn't trust
any humanoid, period.
In fact, one of
the first instances
where I was trying to arrange
a meeting with their equivalent
of the mob, they had
criminal elements
that we were trying to
get involved with as far
as arranging coordination.
And I was to meet with one of
their mobs, the insectoids,
and was taken into a cave
area and was taken prisoner.
>>JAY: Really?
>>RICE: Yeah.
>>JAY: Why did they
take you prisoner?
>>RICE: They didn't trust
humans or humanoids.
>>JAY: So you were foolish
enough to go into their area,
and so they arrested you.
>>RICE: So they were supposed
to meet me, but it was a trap.
And they thought
that I was there just
to spy on them as part of
one of the other humanoids.
>>JAY: And how long
did you spend in jail?
>>RICE: I was three days a
POW before my comrades came
and rescued me.
>>JAY: Well, at least
this group takes POWs.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: The other two groups
that were before did not.
>>RICE: Did not.
>>JAY: And everything
turned out OK after that?
>>RICE: I spent
three days as a POW
and was tortured and beaten.
>>JAY: You were?
>>RICE: And spent a couple
weeks after that recovering,
even though physically
I had healed
within the day of the wounds
that they had given to me.
It still took me a
couple weeks before I
was ready to get back
and go into the field.
>>JAY: And how was
it finally resolved?
>>RICE: They were
able to get most
of the populations onboard.
When I left Planet Three, it
was following a shuttle crash.
The shuttle was brought
down by indigenous fire
because, again, they
didn't trust us.
And it was the insectoids that
had taken shots at the shuttle
that I was on.
>>JAY: And they brought
the shuttle down?
>>RICE: They brought
the shuttle down.
>>JAY: And you were in it?
>>RICE: I was in it, crashed,
suffered a tremendous amount
of physical damage,
and was medevaced
to what they told me was Mars.
I have strong
suspicions that it was,
where they replaced two of my
limbs and repaired the third,
and I spent the next
eight months learning
how to reuse my
limbs and reconnect
with the nanite
enhancement therapies.
And following all of that
therapy and treatment,
I was then reassigned to a new
unit back on Callidus Three
for part of the
cleanup operations,
the retraining, the rebuilding.
>>JAY: So you had been
in a battle or something,
or were you just taking
the shuttle as a ride?
>>RICE: I was catching
a ride from one part
of the planet to the other.
The enemy invaders
had not arrived yet.
I'd been on the
planet about 15 months
and had run a number of missions
in which we were trying to,
again, get buy in
and gain confidence.
There were problems
with smuggling,
and they had a larger criminal
element on that planet.
And some of the
criminal elements
had taken to trying
to steal technology.
>>JAY: From you guys?
>>RICE: Well, from some of the
other elements of the planet.
There were humanoids and the
insectoids and the cyclops,
and so getting them involved
with defense preparations
and building up
arms and stockpiles.
And some of it involved
very, very mild
technological advancements.
Well, anything that was
above their standard base
was immediately a
black market item.
And so we started
noticing that some
of the weapons that they were
building started disappearing.
And so we were
investigating that.
>>JAY: Who was the most
advanced of the three races,
as far as technology?
>>RICE: They were
all pretty even--
even as far as where they
were at technologically.
>>JAY: So the cyclops had high
technology for that world?
>>RICE: Well, they
were all three
about the same level, the
cyclops, the humanoids,
and the insectoids.
There was no one that
was more than the other
because they'd been at war
off and on for a couple
of centuries.
>>JAY: So there were
skirmishes on the borders?
>>RICE: Skirmishes
on the border.
They'd reached a
tentative peace agreement,
and then it lasted for 20 years.
And so they had armaments.
>>JAY: Do you know what
the wars were about?
>>RICE: Race differences.
>>JAY: So you arrived
on this planet
and there's practically
a mini civil war going
on between three factions.
>>RICE: Correct.
>>JAY: Your job is
to unite these people
and get ready for an
invasion of something.
By now, you're not sure what's
coming because at first, you
thought they were going
to be the werewolves.
So now, you don't
know what's going on.
>>RICE: Yeah, we have no idea
what's going to be coming.
And again, a deliberate
intelligence blackout.
If they knew, they
weren't telling us.
>>JAY: And these people
have weapons already?
>>RICE: They did.
>>JAY: So you didn't have
to worry about that part.
>>RICE: They had projectile
weapons, chemical weapons
from the standpoint of
chemicals being black powder.
>>JAY: How did you
finally unite them?
>>RICE: I don't
know how they did.
I was gone by the time they
would have united them.
>>JAY: Oh, that's right.
You got wounded.
So you really didn't
see much action then.
>>RICE: Most of the action
that I saw on that planet was
related to the working with
the indigenous, training them,
going out to remote
villages or remote cities,
getting them prepared, so a
lot of the same things that
we'd done before--
helping them with
stockpiling and helping
them to get
organized and be more
efficient in their
agricultural operations
or planning out
fallback positions,
those kinds of things.
>>JAY: And while you
were there, did you ever
make peace with the insectoids?
>>RICE: No, I never went back.
>>JAY: You never went back.
You don't know?
>>RICE: No.
>>JAY: OK, so you were in
the space shuttle minding
your own business,
and the insectoids
hit you with a missile or what?
>>RICE: They didn't
trust our presence there.
And so we were humanoids,
and immediately we
were enemy, persona non grata.
And so our efforts
at trying to get
them united with the rest of
the planet were not working.
And so when they're
afraid and scared,
their first response
was to attack.
So that was what they
did, was when they saw us,
they would try and attack us.
They took me prisoner.
That was one of the
first interactions
that my unit had had
with the insectoids.
And from what I
understand, there
were similar occurrences
in other parts
where the other
people were trying
to reach agreeable outcomes
with the insectoids.
>>JAY: So we never know what
happens to this planet, do we?
>>RICE: I don't.
>>JAY: Sounds like
a rough ordeal.
>>RICE: Oh, it was--
the decision I
made not to go back
was based on-- it was
definitely a nightmare
amongst the nightmares.
>>JAY: So you got blown up.
The space shuttle got blown up.
Did people die in
this total explosion?
>>RICE: Yeah.
>>JAY: But you fortunately
didn't, but you lost limbs.
And they medevaced
you back to Mars,
where they used
advanced technology?
>>RICE: They used
advanced technology
to regrow and reattach limbs.
>>JAY: So you regrew your arm?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: Wow, that's amazing.
>>RICE: It was.
And unfortunately, the
process is not perfect.
Again, they're not God.
>>JAY: So it didn't
totally heal it up?
>>RICE: No.
They fixed the bone.
They replaced the bone,
but the tissue, the nerves,
some of the softer tissues--
it's still not a
perfect science.
It's a lot better than
the conventional medicine
that we have here.
>>JAY: And you're still alive.
>>RICE: And I'm still alive.
>>JAY: So you got
medevaced to Mars.
So you're back on Mars.
What was that like?
>>RICE: I don't
remember most of it.
I was in a coma for a lot and
under the medical treatment.
And then once I
was out of the coma
and started going
through the therapies,
a lot of it they use, which
is another great benefit
of augmented and
virtual reality,
is being able to use it
for medical treatments.
And being able to use it
because during the process
of the therapies,
they're able to isolate
signals between your brain and
different parts of your body.
So they can help you
with identification
of limbs that are newly
attached or learning
to reuse limbs or reacquire
the use of muscles or muscle
groups.
>>JAY: So you finally
got better, eventually.
>>RICE: I did.
>>JAY: And one more time--
>>RICE: Back into the--
>>JAY: Back into the fray.
And this time, you went
back to Planet Two.
>>RICE: I went back to
Planet Two, Callidus Three.
>>JAY: Which is a cool
thing because you're
going to see the results
of what happened here.
>>RICE: Yeah, I got a chance
to see close hand what
some of the rebuilding
efforts were involved, some
of the effects on the
native population,
how the people really
felt. When after the end
of the war and they're not
being invaded and faced
with imminent death,
what do they think?
How do they feel about it?
>>JAY: And?
>>RICE: There were
mixed feelings.
We had some sabotage issues.
One of the shuttle ports
was destroyed completely.
>>JAY: By the indigenous?
>>RICE: By the
indigenous population,
had sabotaged one of the
fusion bottles on the shuttle.
And when those
things go, I mean,
it will destroy just about
anything and everything nearby.
So it's an antimatter explosion.
>>JAY: And why did they do that?
They're angry at you?
>>RICE: They were
angry at what was
happening to their
civilization, understandably.
I mean, their entire world
had been turned upside down,
shaken, stepped on, and rebuilt.
>>JAY: And you taught
them how to kill.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: So there's got to be
some feedback on that too.
>>RICE: There's going to be
some backlash on that, yeah,
absolutely.
>>JAY: Anything else that you
discovered on your return?
>>RICE: Another
thing on my return
is the sudden appearance
of livestock mutilations.
>>JAY: Really?
>>RICE: Really.
It was one of the
most bizarre things
that I'd come across in the
aftermath of the rebuilding.
At first, we were worried
that the enemy had returned.
No.
It was strange livestock
mutilations out
in the middle of nowhere,
all the fluids gone,
strange mutilations on the body,
no signs of wildlife or anybody
or anything else in the area,
and the sudden appearance
of what I believe were either
etheric entities or another ET
race that was there.
>>JAY: That was doing the--
>>RICE: That was doing this.
>>JAY: That's all you ever
found out, was one of these two
and that was it?
You don't know why
they were doing it?
>>RICE: Don't know why.
I suspected it was for
psychological reasons.
They wanted to torment some of
the population that was there,
and that was one
way of doing it.
>>JAY: You think the
cattle mutilations
that happen on Earth are
for the same reasons?
>>RICE: I strongly believe that.
Because of some of the
negative consciousness,
that it gets seeded into
the human population
through those experiences.
>>JAY: So what was life
generally like now?
Before semi-rural, this
was all upended by the war.
So now, what is life
like on this planet?
>>RICE: It was very much
a rebirth of a phoenix,
if you will, of a civilization.
They came from their plowshares
to building cities and starting
to build off-planet
installations in orbit.
And helping them
do that and seeing
that, it had its rewards
in and of itself,
seeing them rebuild and restart,
jump-start their civilization.
>>JAY: So they became
a spacefaring race?
>>RICE: They did.
>>JAY: Wow.
That's quite a thing.
>>RICE: Yeah, well, they
were all still controlled.
>>JAY: But still to advance
that quickly, that's--
>>RICE: They were
helped, very much so.
But to advance that
quickly is something else.
But you look at the advances
that we've made here on Earth
just from the 1930s through the
'40s before things went black.
>>JAY: Very similar.
>>RICE: Very similar.
>>JAY: Anything else that you
noticed about this new society
that is worth repeating?
>>RICE: Their social
structures changed--
very regimented,
almost militaristic.
There were a lot
of things that I
was proud of in seeing
get rebuilt and renewed,
but seeing those kinds of
changes was not one of them.
>>JAY: So they were
building up their military?
>>RICE: Whether they're
building up their military
or not, seeing a civilian
population get regimented,
even if they're not in uniform
or building up weapon systems,
it is somewhat disturbing.
It's very Orwellian, and to see
an almost police state created.
>>JAY: Fair to say that
that was the point?
>>RICE: It was.
>>JAY: How long did you
stay on this planet trying
to help out this time?
>>RICE: I was there helping
with the cleanup and rebirth
operations for another
couple of years.
>>JAY: Two years?
>>RICE: Mhm.
>>JAY: And was the
population happier or sadder
than it was when you
arrived the first time?
>>RICE: Both.
There had been a tremendous
amount of deaths after the war,
and so there wasn't
a single person
on the planet that hadn't lost.
And so there was that
underlying sadness,
and how do you
recover from that?
That takes probably
a generation or two
before those kinds
of wounds get healed.
So there wasn't
a single day that
went by that people weren't
reminded of the losses,
even though they would see
new things or things being
built and repaired, and
things getting new or better.
So there was both happiness
and sadness there.
And of course, we felt it.
We saw it.
And you can't help but feel for
them, at least I did anyway.
And I know that the
soldiers that I worked
with that were part of my
unit were of the same mind,
and that was one of
the driving factors
for us was to help improve
that, to help whatever way we
could to make it better.
>>JAY: Could you rekindle
any relationships
that you had from before
when you came back
with the indigenous?
>>RICE: No.
They had me in a completely new
place, new area, new people.
The people there were,
when we first arrived,
were very open,
caring, thoughtful.
They'd give you the
shirt off their back
without a second thought.
They had no subterfuge.
When I returned as part
of the rebuilding process,
it was realpolitik.
It was in full force--
backstabbing, political
moves, and intrigue,
and this person doing that
bad thing to that person.
Some of the worst
political fraud
and events that you see in the
mainstream media today, that
was what they'd
learned, unfortunately,
and part of the plan.
>>JAY: So in the end
when you did finally
leave the planet after
helping to rebuild,
did you feel that it'd been
a good thing or a bad thing
that you had been involved?
>>RICE: I felt good
in that I'd helped
them to rebuild a number of
the things that they'd lost.
I did feel the loss from
seeing all the realpolitik,
seeing it in action, seeing it
born, watching it rise and take
hold of all their leadership.
Whereas before, they would
work together cooperatively
without any thought or
care of any repayment.
It wasn't like that when I left.
>>JAY: Was it top down?
>>RICE: Yep.
And so seeing that
was disappointing.
>>JAY: So did the indigenous
turn on you when you returned?
>>RICE: No, they did not.
When we first returned
to help them rebuild,
there were units
specifically dedicated
to going around and policing up
some of the technologies that
were left on battlefields
from one side of the planet
to the other.
Their jobs were to collect
not only the dead aliens,
but also the dead human
or humanoids, or mark,
at least mark their location
so that any families,
if they were
surviving, would know
where to go for the remains.
Part of the job was to
collect technologies
that were spread and laid
out and strewn everywhere
from one corner of the
planet to the other.
There was a huge black
market in the technologies,
the alien technologies,
alien biological life,
and planetary
government was real
worried about
collecting all of that
and having control over it.
So the people that
were still there,
because they did develop
a burgeoning underworld,
if you will, a criminal element
for these black market items,
the people that
we dealt with were
very interested in making
sure that they didn't
take control or get control.
>>JAY: So these indigs had
a barter system before,
but now they've
developed a black market.
I guess that's an indication
of the economy deepening.
>>RICE: The economy
deepening and broadening.
The supply and demand economy
that they've been set up with
was based on manufacturing
goods and manufacturing
in an economy based on a fiat
currency, in which you worked,
you made money, and
you bought things.
You worked, you made
money, you bought things.
Well, what if you
can't buy something,
or what if you want something
that's not readily available?
Well, now, they've had
their eyes opened to,
what are these alien things?
What can they do for us?
And maybe we can
tinker with them.
And so that was the
bulk of the black market
and what they were
interested in doing.
I suspect that there were
off-planet corporations that
were extremely
interested in attaining
additional alien
biological stock,
as well as alien technology.
We boxed up, by the
thousands of tons,
of alien biological samples,
as well as alien technology,
and shipped it off planet.
They told us it was going
to R&D bases on Mars.
I can guarantee you that was
not the only place they went.
And so my suspicion is that
there were also corporations
there, probably from
Earth and/or Mars.
>>JAY: So were you
given special training
before you went to
these planets to make
sure you blend in better?
>>RICE: Yes.
Part of the training
regiment that we went through
before planetfall included
a tremendous amount of time
in neural education
chairs, in which we
were downloaded the language.
We were downloaded what
they called a package.
And it included the
intelligence that they
were willing to share with
us about the civilization,
the people, and as part
of that neural download
included some of the things
that we would go through
or that were regional.
>>JAY: Cultural.
>>RICE: Cultural
sayings, information.
>>JAY: Clothing.
>>RICE: Clothing.
>>JAY: Art.
>>RICE: Art, yeah, the
dos and don'ts, nuances,
as far as what they knew.
Now where did they get
this information from?
I suspect that they
probably got it
from the Draco, who'd
been there for a long time
and at least had feelers out
to be able to have collected
this information.
>>JAY: We know the Cabal
doesn't trust the Mars Germans,
and we know the Mars Germans
don't trust the Cabal.
They're in an uneasy
alliance, clearly.
Is there a chance of
a war breaking out
between the two of them?
>>RICE: Yes.
And I would say that the fact
that the Mars Germans still
called the Cabal Earth
[INAUDIBLE] royals
is plenty enough.
Now the protocols preventing
the use of Earth troops
against Earth, I certainly
hope that that would never
come to pass.
But I can tell you
that the blockade that
is preventing the
passage of ships
into our solar system, at
least until the near future,
decides what and where and how
things are going to happen,
would prevent a
bulk of their navy
from coming and taking part
after the event or the changes
that we expect to happen
sometime in the next decade
or so.
Who's to say?
What happens then?
Will humanity be united?
Will it not matter that there
is a breakaway civilization that
lives on Mars?
I don't know.
Those are questions
that we need to address.
My suspicion is that
there probably are
a lot of things going on now.
The animosity between
them has always
been kept barely
contained because one
believes the other is
below them or beneath them.
And so those battles
that are ongoing,
are they between Earth's
SSP and the Mars Germans,
or are they between
German factions?
Because not all the Mars
Germans are spiteful of Earth.
My friend Johan is a
clear example of that,
and I had met others.
Granted, they were a small
percentage of their military,
but they're there.
You can't judge all
of them by that.
>>JAY: We got to be careful
because things are not
as monolithic as
we think they are.
>>RICE: They are not.
>>JAY: It's easy to think
that way, but it's not right.
>>RICE: No.
No, it's not.
>>JAY: Do you think you have
someone watching over you?
>>RICE: No, I know
that the creator is
watching over me every second.
And part of my mission has been
to experience the things that I
have and to tell
the stories of those
that gave the ultimate
sacrifice, as well as those
that have come back and
just don't remember it.
And that's my mission as
part of what I'm here for.
>>JAY: Well, Jason, it's been
really great having you on.
Thank you.
>>RICE: Thank you for having me.
It's all about disclosure.
>>JAY: It is.
And I'm Jay Weidner,
and thanks for watching.
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>> Everything that you see today
that's electronic has something
in it that we did not
find out for ourselves.
>> Once the memories
started coming back,
it shed a whole new light on why
there were people watching me.
>> They'd been trying to modify
the environment and the planet
for the Draco open rule.